README.md, before:

# Useful-links
Collection of useful resources about coding in R and data manipulations 

# **Recommendations and resources on how to start using R**

1. Ultimate R Resources: From Beginner to Advanced. [Click here](https://thatdatatho.com/2020/05/16/r-resources-beginner-advanced/)
2. R Resources for Beginners and Intermediate Users. [Click here](https://martindevaux.com/2021/01/r_resources_beginners_intermediate/)

# **Books about R**

1. An Introduction to Data Analysis. How to use R to handle, plot and analyze data. [Click here](https://michael-franke.github.io/intro-data-analysis/index.html)
2. Welcome to Text Mining with R. Describes how to extract and analyze "text" data, for example from Twitter. [Click here](https://www.tidytextmining.com/index.html)

# **Satatistics**

Common statistical tests are linear models (or: how to teach stats). [Click here](https://lindeloev.github.io/tests-as-linear/)
Report your statistics to manuscript. Really cool package! [Click here](https://github.com/easystats/report)

# **Everything about data visualization**
   ## ggplot grammar or how to create plots with ggpot2 package in R
1. General guide with slides. [Click here](https://evamaerey.github.io/ggplot2_grammar_guide/about)
2. Simple guide how to make high-quality figures with ggplot2, including maps. [Click here](https://ben-williams.github.io/updated_ggplot_figures.html)
Arrange several graphs together. [Click here](https://gotellilab.github.io/GotelliLabMeetingHacks/NickGotelli/ggplotPatchwork.html)


# **Free workshops and courses**

1. Lots of cources for omics data analysis. [Click here](http://app.orchestra.cancerdatasci.org/)


# **Useful tools for microbiologists and immunologists**

1. Analyzing high-throughput FACS assays with R. [Click here](https://jchellmuth.com/posts/FACS-with-R/)
2. RNAseq analysis in R. [Click here](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/RNAseq-R/) and [Click here](https://combine-australia.github.io/RNAseq-R/)


# **Useful tools for meta-analysis**

A package for re-analysing published meta-analysis data. [Click here](https://github.com/dsquintana/metameta)
Equivalence-enhanced forest plots with power tiles for meta-analysis. [Click here](https://www.dsquintana.blog/equivalence-enhanced-forest-plots-with-power-tiles/)

# **Blogs to keep yourself updated**

1. R news and tutorials contributed by hundreds of R bloggers. [Click here](https://www.r-bloggers.com/)

# **Markdown useful links**

1. Markdown Cheatsheet helps to create and organize Github "README.md" page. [Click here](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)

Commit message:

More links about statistics are added

README.md, after:

# Useful-links
Collection of useful resources about coding in R and data manipulations 

# **Recommendations and resources on how to start using R**

1. Ultimate R Resources: From Beginner to Advanced. [Click here](https://thatdatatho.com/2020/05/16/r-resources-beginner-advanced/)
2. R Resources for Beginners and Intermediate Users. [Click here](https://martindevaux.com/2021/01/r_resources_beginners_intermediate/)

# **Books about R**

1. An Introduction to Data Analysis. How to use R to handle, plot and analyze data. [Click here](https://michael-franke.github.io/intro-data-analysis/index.html)
2. Welcome to Text Mining with R. Describes how to extract and analyze "text" data, for example from Twitter. [Click here](https://www.tidytextmining.com/index.html)
3. Basic R Guide for NSC Statistics [Click here](https://bookdown.org/dli/rguide/)
4. R Graphics Cookbook [Click here](https://r-graphics.org/)

# **Satatistics**

Common statistical tests are linear models (or: how to teach stats). [Click here](https://lindeloev.github.io/tests-as-linear/)
Report your statistics to manuscript. Really cool package! [Click here](https://github.com/easystats/report)

# **Everything about data visualization**
   ## ggplot grammar or how to create plots with ggpot2 package in R
1. General guide with slides. [Click here](https://evamaerey.github.io/ggplot2_grammar_guide/about)
2. Simple guide how to make high-quality figures with ggplot2, including maps. [Click here](https://ben-williams.github.io/updated_ggplot_figures.html)
3. A package that allows to add statistics to your ggplots. [Click here](https://github.com/IndrajeetPatil/ggstatsplot)
4. Change colors of your plots. [Click here](https://www.datanovia.com/en/blog/ggplot-colors-best-tricks-you-will-love/)
Arrange several graphs together. [Click here](https://gotellilab.github.io/GotelliLabMeetingHacks/NickGotelli/ggplotPatchwork.html)


# **Free workshops and courses**

1. Lots of cources for omics data analysis. [Click here](http://app.orchestra.cancerdatasci.org/)


# **Useful tools for microbiologists and immunologists**

1. Analyzing high-throughput FACS assays with R. [Click here](https://jchellmuth.com/posts/FACS-with-R/)
2. RNAseq analysis in R. [Click here](https://bioinformatics-core-shared-training.github.io/RNAseq-R/) and [Click here](https://combine-australia.github.io/RNAseq-R/)
3. An amazing workshop on how to analyze RNA-seq Bulk and single-cell data. [Click here](https://stemangiola.github.io/rpharma2020_tidytranscriptomics/articles/tidytranscriptomics.html#reproducibility-1)

# **Useful tools for meta-analysis**

A package for re-analysing published meta-analysis data. [Click here](https://github.com/dsquintana/metameta)
Equivalence-enhanced forest plots with power tiles for meta-analysis. [Click here](https://www.dsquintana.blog/equivalence-enhanced-forest-plots-with-power-tiles/)

# **Blogs to keep yourself updated**

1. R news and tutorials contributed by hundreds of R bloggers. [Click here](https://www.r-bloggers.com/)

# **Markdown useful links**

1. Markdown Cheatsheet helps to create and organize Github "README.md" page. [Click here](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)
